- [Instructor] In this lesson,
we'll create our first EJB session bean.
To do that, we're going to create a new session bean
underneath the ejbModule source folder
in our hsports catalog ejb project.
So just open up the new dialog
and then type session
and you'll see the Session Bean available for us to select.
Go ahead and hit Next
and then we need to provide a package
to place that session bean.
We're going to specify that as com.linkedin.
And then we need to provide a name for the class.
We're just going to call this the Catalog class
and it's going to contain all of our logic
for maintaining the catalog of catalog items.
We'll also go ahead and create a local interface
for this EJB
and then from there, we're going to click on Next
and we can just accept the defaults on this dialog.
This will cause our EJB to be created.
You'll notice that it receives the Stateless annotation.
And you'll also see that it gets the LocalBean annotation.
Now, in addition to the implementation,
there was also an interface created.
So if we look at the catalog local interface,
this is going to define the methods
that are found on our EJB.
So let's go ahead and we're going to add two methods here
and these methods are going
to work with the CatalogItem object.
Now, currently that's within our JSF project.
What I'm going to do is copy that
into our EJB project.
And there we can see it's entered into the project.
At this point, I can remove that CatalogItem
from the JSF project
and then I'm just going to adjust our project
to include the other project on the build path.
And because they're packaged as and near,
this will all work out when we deploy to the server.
So just go to the build path for the project,
click on the Projects tab
and then hit Add and then select the EJB project.
That will add it to our JSF project
and you'll notice all of our compilation issues
will resolve here once I did a clean.
And we build the JSF project.
Now we can begin to work on the interface for our EJB.
We're going to add a method
to the interface that returns a list
of CatalogItems and we're just going to call it getItems.
And then we're going to add another method
with a void return type that is addItem.
And that method is going to accept a CatalogItem
as an argument.
So there we can import the list
and our interface is good to go.
You'll notice that our implementation
will now need to implement these two methods.
So let's go ahead, add those unimplemented methods
to satisfy the interface.
And then we can build out the implementation
for our EJB.
So to do that,
we're going to add a list of CatalogItems.
And we'll just call that list items.
And it's going to be of type ArrayList
and then from here,
it's pretty simple for getItems.
We just return the items field
and then for addItems,
we just use the add method on the collection
and we pass it the item.
Okay, so we saw this logic within some
of our backing beans in JSF
and what we've done, we pushed it down
from the web tier into the EJB
so that we can manage the state
and it could be reused by other clients of this EJB.